DOCS-1018: Add duplicate component button (#1676)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/manage/configuration.md

- `attributes`: A struct to define things like how the component is wired to the robot, its dimensions, and other specifications; attributes vary widely between models.
  See the [component documentation](/components/) for a given component type and model for more details.

   {{% alert title="Tip" color="tip" %}}

   Some optional attributes have default values.
   If you omit these attributes from your config, or if you include them but leave their values empty, `viam-server` will apply these default values at runtime, even though they are not reflected in the configuration file.

   {{% /alert %}}

- `depends_on`: Any components that a given component relies upon, and that must be initialized on boot before this component is initialized.
  Many built-in components have convenient implicit dependencies, in which case `depends_on` can be left blank.
  For example, a [`gpio` motor](/components/motor/gpio/) depends on the `board` to which it is wired, but it has a dedicated `board` attribute and `viam-server` will automatically initialize that board before it looks for the motor.

> If you are configuring several similar components, you can use the **Duplicate component** button in the upper-right of a component's configuration pane to duplicate the existing configuration for that component.
> A new component with identical configuration settings will be created beneath your existing one, named `<existing-component>-copy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are configuring several similar components, you can use the **Duplicate component** button in the upper-right of a component's configuration pane to create a new identical component beneath your existing one.
```
[opt] I think since this is fairly self-explanatory (and folks will use the app and quickly see what happens), can make this more concise.

Be sure to edit the duplicated component to change any parameters that are unique to the new component, such as its name.

> To delete a component, click the **trash** icon in the upper-right of the component configuration pane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To delete a component, click the trash can icon in the upper-right of the component configuration pane.
```
Mine doesn't have text unless you hover, and then the text is **Delete component**, so could alternately change to that to match the above **Duplicate component** which is also just tooltip text
